It all started from the month of Jul 2022 when me, Swapneel, Chaitanya, Niranjan and Mayur decided to have a boy's overnight trip. After searching for a lot of options, we came up with a beautiful villa at Lonavla called Pamnani Villa from 19th Dec 2022 to 21st Dec 2022. After waiting for six anxious months, December finally arrived. I came to Mumbai on 17th of December 2022. The plan was simple: Swapneel was supposed to pick up Chaitanya from Pune while Niranjan was supposed to pick me and Mayur.

On Day 1, December 19, 2022, it being Anisha's birthday, we all wished her online and were ready to start our journey. Niranjan first picked Mayur and then picked me near Oberoi mall as we started our journey. On the way, we stopped to pick up some drinks, fruits and have lunch at Vashi. We arrived first at Pamnani Villa in the afternoon and soon Swappy arrived with Chaitanya. After resting and freshening up, we decided to roam the markets and find some good hangout places. Unfortunately there were none and we decided to order dinner through a food delivery app. So just like that, the 19th was gone in the blink of an eye.

On Day 2, December 20, 2022, after having breakfast, we decided to roam around the outskirts and reached Bedse caves near Talegaon. It was a short trek, but exhausting for me. However, once we reached the top, we learnt that it was a place where traders from old times used to halt during the rainy season along with their stock. We clicked some photos and then descended down to continue our journey. Niranjan being the only one in our group who knew all the good restaurants came up with Mayuresh for lunch. The food was simple, adding the local flavor. After that, we were on our way back to the villa. By the time we returned in the evening, we decided to use the swimming pool. Unfortunately, the water being cold, we could only spend a few minutes inside the pool. Time slowly drifted and soon it was the final night where all of us were under the same roof. We talked about a lot of things and eventually slept knowing that the next day, we would be traveling in different directions without knowing the possibility of meeting again.

On Day 3, December 21, 2022, Swapneel and Chaitanya left early as Swapneel had his kid's parent-teacher meeting (PTM), and soon it was me, Niranjan and Mayur on our way back. We took a quick stop at Rajmachi to enjoy the picteresque view The return journey was horrible as we were stuck in a severe traffic jam and it took us around 7 hours to reach Mumbai. Finally, the journey ended with me dropping Mayur at his place and reaching home around 9:30 PM.